README.md, before:

# Clerk React Form Examples

This repository holds sample code for different types of authentication form flows you might need for your application. All built using [Clerk](https://clerk.dev)!

<div style="display: flex;gap:10px">
    <img height="250" src="./docs/transistor.gif"/>
    <img height="250" src="./docs/mirage.gif"/>
</div>

## Available examples

- [Clerk Transistor](./examples/transistor): _Sign up screen using the Clerk Components._
- [Clerk Mirage](./examples/mirage): _Multi-step authentication form._

## Sign up for Clerk

To sign up, go to [https://clerk.dev](https://clerk.dev?utm_source=github&utm_medium=starters&utm_campaign=main), create your account and start building your user authentication!

## Using the examples

Each example is a fully runnable application which you can use either as a starter or as guidelines on how you can utilize Clerk based on your requirements. In each examples folder, you will find instructions on how to bootstrap the application.

## Having trouble ?

If you find any bug, something is not working as expected or you would like to see if we can support your use case, you can reach out to any of our [support channels](https://clerk.dev/support), or just open a new issue!

Commit message:

:bird: Live environment and fixes

README.md, after:

# Clerk React Form Examples

This repository holds sample code for different types of authentication form flows you might need for your application. All built using [Clerk](https://clerk.dev)!

<div style="display: flex;gap:10px">
    <img height="250" src="./docs/transistor.gif"/>
    <img height="250" src="./docs/mirage.gif"/>
</div>

## Live demo of the applications

- Clerk Transistor - https://nextjs.transistor.clerk.app/
- Clerk Mirage - https://nextjs.mirage.clerk.app/

## Available code examples

- [Clerk Transistor](./examples/transistor): _Sign up screen using the Clerk Components._
- [Clerk Mirage](./examples/mirage): _Multi-step authentication form._

## Sign up for Clerk

To sign up, go to [https://clerk.dev](https://clerk.dev?utm_source=github&utm_medium=starters&utm_campaign=main), create your account and start building your user authentication!

## Using the examples

Each example is a fully runnable application which you can use either as a starter or as guidelines on how you can utilize Clerk based on your requirements. In each examples folder, you will find instructions on how to bootstrap the application.

## Having trouble ?

If you find any bug, something is not working as expected or you would like to see if we can support your use case, you can reach out to any of our [support channels](https://clerk.dev/support), or just open a new issue!
